Robotics, right?
We were talking in Hudson I guess
Yes.
Ashida probably knows about this and was trying to beat him.
Even though last year we physically won. Alright, guys.
So this year, let's make it a training year for all the new members that are coming in and the new leadership.
and they said okay no but what if you went really hard and try to make it a world again
I'm making a second team too, and that didn't...
They should've just tried to relax.
just get a hang of things but they tried to get immediately start doing stuff and then just
Did not work out. But last year we won RAs.
So it was a really bad idea when we tried to do every system simultaneously.
So let's do separate, let's do important subsequence first.
And they still say, alright guys, so love Kumar, go do a set. And it's like...
Okay, yeah.
Like I got the feeling when I saw kickoff that oh, there's lifting
Guess who's doing that again for the third year straight?
during kickoff when we saw the game reveal and I saw that there was a lifting thing.
I was like, alright, I can guess who they're gonna make do lifting for the third year straight.
Ah!
Yes, me. Third year straight doing lifting.
Okay. Guess why? Cause it's like I'm more experienced at the same time. Like.
Bro, we were saying that we would focus on the important stuff first.
Our intake wasn't even working by the time regionals came around, by the time we went to...
Champs. Because...I don't know what the hell would even happen to fall out
Haa!
We went to regionals last year too.
But it's still the same stage. Still the same number of teams.
It's like slightly more impressive because there's more FGC teams every year.
At the same time, Beast Box is gone from our league, so it doesn't really matter.
No, Jeffrey's first year as president or as a captain.
We only got to IOTs I think.
Yeah, we only got top. We only got to the qualifiers.
And then we got out there because there was no wild card in it, yeah.
Like, it is impressive, definitely, but at the same time...
The team is falling..so...falling apart so much.
It's more just like that we lied really well during judging.
And then Diya carrying ahhh...portfolios.
Ahhh!
And then half of the time when we progress, it's just all been off stage.
Think, just a, it's literally just an engineering portfolio award.
I'll tease, we only got the wild card because we got first team.
We've had the best engineering portfolio from wildcard
It was inspired that we got somehow, even though we're all depressed.
I don't know how we got that because there are teams that are way more impressive.
In every aspect, but I don't know, I guess they just liked us.
And then ...ahhh...and then again Irene was like second stage
Yes
That's why they didn't want to give us Inspire. They didn't want to give us Inspire.
Cause if they gave this fight to the 49th out of 49th or whatever team...
Yes, per intake broke.
And they spent like two weeks trying to fix that. Well, not they. Dia spent two weeks trying to fix it.
I don't know what everyone else was trying to do...but like
I don't know if it's still gonna be alive next year.
Or not next, in two years.
I keep forgetting you're in the same grade as them.
No, I just don't think of your dream.
(***) they give completely falling apart vibes and you gives
Less falling apart. Yeah.
It's fine if some people are good at academics, but like
Some people just straight up do not have the brainpower to do more than that.
And then they try and do more than that and they screw everything up.
Also there's a small chance of just getting carried.
What are the kinds of shichis getting carried around? Is it all individual stuff that she cooks on?
No.